Features
--------
All chess rules supported, including castling, promotion and en passant.
Game can end by checkmate, stalemate, insufficient material, 50-move rule, repetition.
Make moves on the chess board by either dragging pieces or clicking on the piece then the square.
Draw arrows by holding right click and dragging.
Highlight squares by right clicking on squares.
Change the colour of arrows and highlights by pressing any combination of ctrl, shift, alt.
Hold shift when selecting pieces to show legal moves.
Auto promotion can be turned on and temporarily disabled by holding down ctrl, shift, or alt.
When auto promotion is not on, a selection menu is available to choose what piece to promote to. Cancel promotion by clicking anywhere else.
Share game by copying FEN or PGN or save PGN as file.
Name white or black player to name of computer to play computer moves.
Set difficulty of Stockfish using WhiteElo or BlackElo.
Evaluation bar shows the Stockfish evaluation.
Import FEN or PGN to load any position or game.
Play chess variants.
Settings to customise the background and board colours.
Generate game report which shows accuracy, average centipawn loss (ACPL), and rates each move on a scale from best to blunder.

Computers
---------
Random
    Plays a random legal move.
Firstmove
    Plays the first move generated by the program.
[piece]lover
    Plays random move which moves the specified piece if possible.
Stockfish [time][ms/s]
    Plays Stockfish's best move.
Taunter [time][ms/s]
    Plays worst stockfish move with an evaluation > 3 until mate.
Drawfish [time][ms/s]
    Plays Stockfish's worst move that is not losing.
Badfish [time][ms/s]
    Plays Stockfish's worst move.
[p]% [engine1] [engine2, default is Random]
    Plays engine1 move p% of the time otherwise engine2 move.

Variants
--------
Chess960
Duckboard {width}x{height}
8x{height}
[{backrank pieces}]

Examples:
Duckboard 10x10
8x6
[NNNNKNNN]

Keyboard Shortcuts
------------------
up arrow: undo all moves
left arrow: undo last move
right arrow: redo last undone move
down arrow: redo all undone moves
space: play computer move
x: flip board 180-degrees
r: rotate board 90-degrees clockwise
c or l: toggle board coordinates
e: toggle eval bar
n: new game
h: open help
p: open PGN and FEN window
s: open settings
a: run analysis
f: toggle fullscreen
f11: toggle fullscreen
escape: exit fullscreen

Other Features
--------------
When hovering the mouse over pieces the cursor changes depending on whether the piece can be moved.
The last move is highlighted.
Sound when moving pieces.
Board is resized when changing the size of the window.
Move animations
Sound and red flashes when illegal move due to check is played.
PGN is automatically copied when opened.
Evaluation bar changes position depending on rotation of the board.
PGN filename filters out characters forbidden by the Windows filesystem.
FIDE implementation of insufficient material.
Termination and EndTime PGN tags when game ends.

Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------
What does the accuracy mean?
The accuracy is given on a scale of 0 to 100, where 100 means you played all the best moves and 0 means every move lost a lot of advantage.

What does ACPL mean?
ACPL stands for average centipawn loss. 100 centipawns is equivalent to losing 1 pawn worth of advantage. The lower the ACPL, the more accurate your play is.

What is a 'book' move?
A book move is a move which is in the chess openings database. These are generally opening moves that have already been explored many times by master players.

What is a 'blunder'?
A blunder is a move which significantly worsens the position, often changing the game from winning to losing.

What is a 'worst' move?
A worst move is when a move is a blunder but is also worse than any other blunder in the position.

What does the evaluation bar show?
The evaluation bar shows which side has an advantage and by how much, according to the computer engine.

How do I create a new game?
Press the + icon on the main window, enter the names of the players and press the New Game button.

How do I play variants?
Open the New Game window and enter the variant name where it says Load PGN or FEN.

How do I play against the computer?
Open the New Game window and enter the name of one of the computers listed above as one of the player names.

Is there an intermediate chess computer I can play against?
Yes! You can set the difficulty rating of Stockfish by entering a rating.

What is Stockfish?
Stockfish is an open-source program and is one of the best chess programs in the world.

How do I get better at chess?
Play lots of games against opponents around your ability and higher, and analyse your games to see how you can improve.